Update Vanilla icons to new set (#3083)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/icons.md

    </div>

    <div class="row u-equal-height">
      <div class="p-card col-3 u-vertically-center">
        <p><i class="p-icon--anchor" style="margin-right: 1rem;"></i>p-icon--anchor</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>
</section>

> <span class="p-label--deprecated">Deprecated</span> The `.p-icon--question` has been deprecated and will be removed in future version v3.0. Use an icon with `.p-icon--help` class name instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="p-label--deprecated">Deprecated</span> The `.p-icon--question` class has been deprecated and will be removed in version 3.0. Use class `.p-icon--help` instead.
```

### Dark theme

> Our dark-themed icons are available when placed within `.p-strip--dark`, icon colors are reverted to ensure legibility as shown in our example.

Reviewer: This should say inverted I believe.
